## mutant.el
*An Emacs interface for the Mutant testing tool*

---

This package provides an interface for dealing with the
[Mutant](https://github.com/mbj/mutant) testing tool, enabling
one to easily launch it from a `.rb` file or even from a `dired` buffer.
The generated output is nicely formatted and provides direct links
to the errors reported by the mutations. I've tried
to mimic the `rspec-mode` overall experience as much as possible.

### Installation


This package can be installed via `MELPA`, or manually by downloading
`mutant.el` and adding it to your init file, as it follows:

```elisp
(add-to-list 'load-path "/path/to/mutant")
(require 'mutant)
```

### Usage


By default, the following keybindings will be available:

* <kbd>C-c . f</kbd> runs `mutant-check-file`
* <kbd>C-c . c</kbd> runs `mutant-check-custom`

For `dired` mode integration, just add the following to your
configuration file:

```elisp
(add-hook 'dired-mode-hook 'mutant-dired-mode)
```

By doing so, you'll be able to mark files and then press <kbd>C-c . f</kbd>
for running `mutant` on them.

See the [Function Documentation](#function-documentation) for more details.

### Customization


If you're a `rvm` user, you might have to add the following to your
configuration file:

```elisp
(add-hook 'mutant-precompile-hook
          (lambda () (rvm-activate-corresponding-ruby)))
```
Notice that this obviously requires `rvm.el` to be installed.

In order to execute the `mutant` command with a `bundle exec` prefix,
simply add the following to your configuration file:

```elisp
(setq mutant-cmd-base "bundle exec mutant")
```


### Changelog


1.0 - First release. <br/>

### Function Documentation


#### `(mutant-check-file &optional FILE-NAME)`

Run Mutant over a single file.
If none is given, then `buffer-file-name` is used.

#### `(mutant-check-from-dired)`

Run Mutant over all marked files in dired.
If there are no files marked, use that under cursor.

#### `(mutant-check-custom &optional MATCH-EXP)`

Run Mutant over MATCH-EXP.
When called without argument, prompt user.

-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
